Welcome to Build a Social Media iOS App with Firebase and SwiftUI! 
 In this Skill Path, you’ll learn how to use Swift to make network calls and get 
 information from external APIs. SwiftUI has some great tools for getting data from online, 
 which you’ll use to build an application that pulls users from the Random User Generator API: https:randomuser.me

Next, you’ll learn how to build out Socialcademy, a robust, fully-featured social media application using Firebase. 
 In Socialcademy, users will be able to create accounts upload posts, and view and comment on posts from other users. 
 You’ll build many other features along the way as well!


Main Project in Xcode with Notes within the Code


Chap 1: Concurrency and Grand Central Dispatch
 What Concurrency is
 What Threading is
 What GCD is
 What Serial and Concurrent Queues are
 Why NOT to Block the Main Thread



Concurrency is an apps ability to process more than one task at a time
 If the app process tasks concurrently, the tasks must be independent of each other
 Meaning the completetion of one task, is not dependent on another. 
 ie. mowing the lawn when its morning -> washing dishes -> Laundry -> mowing the lawn in the evening, neither tasks required the other being completed
 you can do whatever, as long as you stop doing one thing first


Sequential Programming is when tasks ARE dependent on another being completed
 ie, Clean Dishes -> Dry Dishes, You must clean the dishes before drying them
 DO this, THEN this, THEN that, etc. 

Parallelism is the execution of multiple tasks at the same time. Here is how concurrency differs from parallelism:
  - Parallelism needs hardware with multiprocessing units whereas concurrency does not
  - Concurrency requires two tasks to exist whereas parallelism only requires one
  - Parallelism assigns each task for a core to execute whereas concurrency executes all tasks by switching tasks at the same time

 Context Switching allows for concurrency 
 if a task is stopped or paused and another one is started, 
 the state of execution must be stored so the task knows where to begin when it continues.

 Parallelism does not require Context Switching, because the app is capable of executing the next task on a different cpu core


Threading
 Every app begins on the Main Thread or Main Queue
 The checkout line is a Queue, cashiers are Threadas, customers are Tasks.
 A Queue contains Threads, that will exec Tasks as they appear
 The Main Queue starts and runs the whole app, but can Spawn other Threads to complete Tasks for the App.. This is Multi-threading

Multi-Threading
Splitting of a program into two or more tasks that can run independently of one another.
 ie. the Socialcademy app  needs to:
 - Query a database for the current user’s profile image\
 - Query a database for posts and display them\
 - Query a database for the user’s favorite posts\
 - Update the database after the user favorites a post
 Instead of using the main thread, which executes sequentially, you can create threads to execute the above tasks. 
 Takss 1 - 3 can be completed at the same time, but taks 4 must wait for all three of them to finish before starting


GCD is an older framework, but still need to know a basic understanding. Notes will be limited
Disptach Queues 
GCD seeks to provide the developer with ease for threading operations by using queues to manage tasks. 
A queue is a structure that handles tasks in the first-in, first-out operational order. 
Instead of having to manually manage individual threads, Swift developers can execute tasks through the queues.
Let’s look at the different types of GCD queues.

GCD queues are either serial or concurrent. By default, GCD queues are serial.
 - Serial Queues: Execute tasks sequentially.
 - Concurrent Queues: Execute tasks concurrently.

GCD tasks can be executed using 1 of the 3 following queues:
 - Main Queue: Runs on the main thread and is a serial queue\
 - Global Queue(s): Concurrent queues shared by the entire system. There are different priorities: high, default, low, and background depending on how important the task is.\
 - Custom Queue(s): Custom queues that you can create that can be serial or concurrent.~